# Indeed Pay Transparency Tracker

Data behind the *Indeed Hiring Lab's* Pay Transparency Tracker provided in flat-file format.

## Methodology

The data in this repository are the share of job postings on Indeed where explicit wage or salary information is provided, as a percentage of overall job postings, calculated on a monthly frequency.

Changes to the data can be followed under the "What's New" section of the Hiring Lab Data Portal: [data.indeed.com/whats-new](https://data.indeed.com/#/whats-new). For Frequently Asked Questions regarding Indeed's data, click [here](https://www.hiringlab.org/indeed-data-faq/).

## Data Schema

### Country-level

Filename: `pay-transparency-country.csv`

Data dictionary:

| variable                      | definition                                                                             |
|-------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| date                          | Month when the job was posted                                                          |
| country_code                  | Two-character [ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code](https://www.iban.com/country-codes)    |
| country                       | Country name                                                                           |
| pay_transparency_pct          | Share (%) of job postings with explicit pay information                                |
| pay_transparency_pct_3ma      | 3-month lagged moving average of `pay_transparency_pct`                                |

### Sector-level

Filename: `pay-transparency-sector.csv`

Data dictionary:

| variable                      | definition                                                                             |
|-------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| date                          | Month when the job was posted                                                          |
| country_code                  | Two-character [ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code](https://www.iban.com/country-codes)    |
| country                       | Country name                                                                           |
| sector                        | Occupational sector name                                                               |
| pay_transparency_pct          | Share (%) of job postings with explicit pay information                                |
| pay_transparency_pct_3ma      | 3-month lagged moving average of `pay_transparency_pct`                                |

## License

The data generated by *Indeed Hiring Lab* are available under the [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).

The data and files that we have generated are freely available for public use, as long as Hiring Lab is cited as a source.

## About Hiring Lab

[Indeed Hiring Lab](https://hiringlab.org) creates innovative data insights on the global labor market that inspire new conversations about the state of work. As the economic research arm of [Indeed](https://www.indeed.com/), the world's number one job site, Hiring Lab is driven by a team of leading economists and data scientists who provide real-time thought leadership on global labor market conditions, including hiring trends, salary information, popular skills, and employer benefits. Hiring Lab analyzes millions of data points across time collected from Indeed's proprietary job postings, resumes, and job seeker behaviors to reveal emerging trends in the United States and across the world.

The unique insights generated by Hiring Lab inform talent management, employment, and labor policy decisions for businesses, researchers, academics, and job seekers alike. Hiring Lab partners with a range of policy-making organizations and NGOs including the International Monetary Fund, the European Central Bank, and the Bank of Canada to produce timely, incisive research. Hiring Lab data is also regularly cited in prominent business publications such as The Wall Street Journal, CNN, Reuters, The Globe and Mail, Der Spiegel, and The Financial Times. Hiring Lab economists regularly speak about labor market trends at leading industry, policy, and academic conferences.

Indeed has websites in over 60 markets and 28 languages. Our economists have a deep knowledge of the factors that affect global markets and are based across the world in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Ireland, Germany, France, Japan, and Australia.

If you are interested in data about other markets, please contact us at <hiringlabinfo@indeed.com>.
